added migration guide for Bolt@2.x (#442)
slackapi/bolt: docs/_basic/listening_actions.md

You’ll notice in all `action()` examples, `ack()` is used. It is required to call the `ack()` function within an action listener to acknowledge that the event was received from Slack. This is discussed in the [acknowledging events section](#acknowledge).

> *Note: Since `Bolt@2.x`, message shortcuts (previously message actions) now use the `shortcut()` method instead of the `action()` method. View the [migration guide for V2](https://slack.dev/bolt/tutorial/migration-v2) to learn more.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: Since v2, message shortcuts (previously message actions) now use the `shortcut()` method instead of the `action()` method. View the [migration guide for V2](https://slack.dev/bolt/tutorial/migration-v2) to learn about the changes.*
```
